dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.jm.T1 ;sanity;Normal #1;Checks return value of a constant
dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.jm.T2 ;sanity;Normal #2;Checks whether the correct int value is returned.
dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.jm.T3 ;sanity;Normal #3;Tests whether the correct int value is set.
dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.argsreturns.pargsreturn.jm.T4 ;sanity;Normal #4;Tests correct setting of field values
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_1 ;aaload;Exception #1;ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_1 ;aaload;Exception #2;Negative index. ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_1 ;aaload;Exception #3;NullPointerException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_1 ;aaload;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_1 ;aaload;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_2 ;aaload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_3 ;aaload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_4 ;aaload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_5 ;aaload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_6 ;aaload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_7 ;aaload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_8 ;aaload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.aaload.jm.T_aaload_9 ;aaload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_1 ;aastore;Exception #1;ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_1 ;aastore;Exception #2;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_1 ;aastore;Exception #3;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_4 ;aastore;Exception #4;Expected ArrayStoreException
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_1 ;aastore;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_1 ;aastore;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_10 ;aastore;Normal #3;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.SuperClass dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.SubClass dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.SuperInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.SuperInterface2 ;aastore;Normal #4;Check assignement compatibility rules
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_2 ;aastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_3 ;aastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_5 ;aastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, String
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_6 ;aastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_7 ;aastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, String
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_8 ;aastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float[], int, String
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_9 ;aastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, String
dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.aastore.jm.T_aastore_12 ;aastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, String
dxc.junit.opcodes.aconst_null.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aconst_null.jm.T_aconst_null_1 ;aconst_null;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.aconst_null.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aconst_null.jm.T_aconst_null_2 ;aconst_null;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_1 ;aload;Normal #1;Test aload 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_2 ;aload;Normal #2;Test aload 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_1_w ;aload;Normal #3;Test aload 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_2_w ;aload;Normal #4;Test aload_w 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_3 ;aload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE10;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_7_w ;aload;Verifier #10;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_4 ;aload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_5 ;aload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_6 ;aload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_7 ;aload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_3_w ;aload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_4_w ;aload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_5_w ;aload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload.jm.T_aload_6_w ;aload;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_1 ;aload_0;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_6 ;aload_0;Normal #2;Equality of aload_<n> and aload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_2 ;aload_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_3 ;aload_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_4 ;aload_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_5 ;aload_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_7 ;aload_0;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_0.jm.T_aload_0_8 ;aload_0;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_1 ;aload_1;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_6 ;aload_1;Normal #2;Equality of aload_<n> and aload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_2 ;aload_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_3 ;aload_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_4 ;aload_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_5 ;aload_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_7 ;aload_1;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_1.jm.T_aload_1_8 ;aload_1;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_1 ;aload_2;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_6 ;aload_2;Normal #2;Equality of aload_<n> and aload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_2 ;aload_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_3 ;aload_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_4 ;aload_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_5 ;aload_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_7 ;aload_2;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_2.jm.T_aload_2_8 ;aload_2;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_1 ;aload_3;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_6 ;aload_3;Normal #2;Equality of aload_<n> and aload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_2 ;aload_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_3 ;aload_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_4 ;aload_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_5 ;aload_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_7 ;aload_3;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.aload_3.jm.T_aload_3_8 ;aload_3;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.21, returnAddress may not be loaded from local variable
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_1 ;anewarray;Exception #1;If count is zero, no subsequent dimensions allocated
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_1 ;anewarray;Exception #2;Expected NegativeArraySizeException
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_6 ;anewarray;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_7 ;anewarray;Exception #4;Expected IllegalAccessError <pre> V(15469) +++ dvmAddClassToHash '[Ldxc/junit/opcodes/anewarray/jm/TestStubs$TestStub;' 0x973d7708 (isnew=1) --> 0x973e1f10  (dalvikvm) V(15469) Created array class '[Ldxc/junit/opcodes/anewarray/jm/TestStubs$TestStub;' 0x973d7708 (access=0x6000.0010)  (dalvikvm) </pre> TestStub class is private. no IllegalAccessError is thrown, but VerifyError
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_1 ;anewarray;Normal #1;Test for Object
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_1 ;anewarray;Normal #2;Test for String
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_1 ;anewarray;Normal #3;Test for Integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_2 ;anewarray;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.19, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_3 ;anewarray;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_4 ;anewarray;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_5 ;anewarray;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.17, array of more than 255 dimensions
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_8 ;anewarray;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.anewarray.jm.T_anewarray_9 ;anewarray;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.19, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_8 ;areturn;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_9 ;areturn;Exception #2;Lock structural rule 1 is violated
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_1 ;areturn;Normal #1;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_1 ;areturn;Normal #2;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_1 ;areturn;Normal #3;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_2 ;areturn;Normal #4;Test for null
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_6 ;areturn;Normal #5;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_7 ;areturn;Normal #6;Check that monitor is released by areturn
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN7;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_12 ;areturn;Normal #7;Assignment compatibility (TChild returned as TSuper)
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testN8;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_13 ;areturn;Normal #8;Assignment compatibility (TChild returned as TInterface)
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_3 ;areturn;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - void
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_4 ;areturn;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_5 ;areturn;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_10 ;areturn;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_11 ;areturn;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_14 dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TSuper ;areturn;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.14, assignment incompatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.RunnerGenerator dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.TSuper2 dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.jm.T_areturn_15 dxc.junit.opcodes.areturn.Runner ;areturn;Verifier #7;
dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.jm.T_arraylength_1 ;arraylength;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.Main_testNPE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.jm.T_arraylength_1 ;arraylength;Normal #PE1;NullPointerException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.jm.T_arraylength_3 ;arraylength;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.arraylength.jm.T_arraylength_2 ;arraylength;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_1 ;astore;Normal #1;Astore 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_5 ;astore;Normal #2;Astore 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_1_w ;astore;Normal #3;Astore_w 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_5_w ;astore;Normal #4;Astore 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_2 ;astore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_3 ;astore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_4 ;astore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_2_w ;astore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_3_w ;astore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore.jm.T_astore_4_w ;astore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.jm.T_astore_0_1 ;astore_0;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.jm.T_astore_0_5 ;astore_0;Normal #2;Equality of astore_<n> and astore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.jm.T_astore_0_2 ;astore_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.jm.T_astore_0_3 ;astore_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_0.jm.T_astore_0_4 ;astore_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.jm.T_astore_1_1 ;astore_1;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.jm.T_astore_1_5 ;astore_1;Normal #2;Equality of astore_<n> and astore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.jm.T_astore_1_2 ;astore_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.jm.T_astore_1_3 ;astore_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_1.jm.T_astore_1_4 ;astore_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.jm.T_astore_2_1 ;astore_2;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.jm.T_astore_2_5 ;astore_2;Normal #2;Equality of astore_<n> and astore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.jm.T_astore_2_2 ;astore_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.jm.T_astore_2_3 ;astore_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_2.jm.T_astore_2_4 ;astore_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.jm.T_astore_3_1 ;astore_3;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.jm.T_astore_3_5 ;astore_3;Normal #2;Equality of astore_<n> and astore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.jm.T_astore_3_2 ;astore_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.jm.T_astore_3_3 ;astore_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.astore_3.jm.T_astore_3_4 ;astore_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_4 ;athrow;Exception #1;NullPointerException If objectref is null, athrow throws a NullPointerException instead of objectref
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_5 ;athrow;Exception #2;IllegalMonitorStateException expected
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_11 ;athrow;Exception #3;IllegalMonitorStateException if structural lock rule violated -
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_1 ;athrow;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_2 ;athrow;Normal #2;Throwing of the objectref on the class Throwable
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_8 ;athrow;Normal #3;Throwing of the objectref on the subclass of Throwable
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_12 ;athrow;Normal #4;Nearest matching catch must be executed in case of exception
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_3 ;athrow;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.19, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_6 ;athrow;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_7 ;athrow;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_10 ;athrow;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - String
dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.athrow.jm.T_athrow_9 ;athrow;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.19, Throwing of the objectref on the class which is not          the class Throwable or a subclass of Throwable.
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_1 ;baload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_1 ;baload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_1 ;baload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_1 ;baload;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_1 ;baload;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_2 ;baload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_3 ;baload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_4 ;baload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_5 ;baload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_6 ;baload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_7 ;baload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], short
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_8 ;baload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.baload.jm.T_baload_9 ;baload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_1 ;bastore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_1 ;bastore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_1 ;bastore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_1 ;bastore;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_1 ;bastore;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_2 ;bastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_3 ;bastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_4 ;bastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_5 ;bastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_6 ;bastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_7 ;bastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_8 ;bastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.bastore.jm.T_bastore_9 ;bastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, short
dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.jm.T_bipush_2 ;bipush;Boundary #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.jm.T_bipush_3 ;bipush;Boundary #2;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.jm.T_bipush_1 ;bipush;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.bipush.jm.T_bipush_4 ;bipush;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_1 ;caload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_1 ;caload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_1 ;caload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_1 ;caload;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_1 ;caload;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_2 ;caload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_3 ;caload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_4 ;caload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_5 ;caload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_6 ;caload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_7 ;caload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], char
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_8 ;caload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.caload.jm.T_caload_9 ;caload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_1 ;castore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_1 ;castore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_1 ;castore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_1 ;castore;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_1 ;castore;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_2 ;castore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_3 ;castore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_4 ;castore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_5 ;castore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_6 ;castore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_7 ;castore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_8 ;castore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.castore.jm.T_castore_9 ;castore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, char
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_1 ;checkcast;Exception #1;Expected ClassCastException
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_3 dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.TestStubs$TestStub ;checkcast;Exception #2;Expected ClassCastException. checkcast [[[Ldxc/junit/opcodes/checkcast/jm/TestStubs$TestStub; dalvikvm throws ClassCastException as demanded by checkcast, but does not claim a IllegalAccessError to a private class - ok,  since checkcast does what the spec says it should do.
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_7 ;checkcast;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_1 ;checkcast;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_1 ;checkcast;Normal #2;Check null value
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.SuperInterface2 dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.SuperClass dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_2 dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.SubClass dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.SuperInterface ;checkcast;Normal #4;Normal class
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_4 ;checkcast;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_5 ;checkcast;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_6 ;checkcast;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.checkcast.jm.T_checkcast_8 ;checkcast;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #1;Argument = Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #2;Argument = Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #3;Argument = -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Boundary #7;Argument = -Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Normal #1;Argument = 2.71
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_1 ;d2f;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_2 ;d2f;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_3 ;d2f;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_4 ;d2f;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2f.jm.T_d2f_5 ;d2f;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #1;Argument = -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #2;Argument = Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #3;Argument = Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Normal #1;Argument = 2.9999999d
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_1 ;d2i;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_2 ;d2i;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_3 ;d2i;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_4 ;d2i;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2i.jm.T_d2i_5 ;d2i;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #1;Argument = Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #2;Argument = Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #3;Argument = -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Normal #1;Argument = 2.9999999
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_1 ;d2l;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_2 ;d2l;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_3 ;d2l;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_4 ;d2l;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.d2l.jm.T_d2l_5 ;d2l;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #2;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #4;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0d, -0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #8;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Boundary #9;Arguments = Double.MIN_VALUE, -4.9E-324
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7d, 3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_1 ;dadd;Normal #3;Arguments = -3.14d, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_2 ;dadd;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_3 ;dadd;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_4 ;dadd;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dadd.jm.T_dadd_5 ;dadd;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_1 ;daload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_1 ;daload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_1 ;daload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_1 ;daload;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_1 ;daload;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_2 ;daload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_3 ;daload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_4 ;daload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_5 ;daload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_6 ;daload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_7 ;daload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_8 ;daload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.daload.jm.T_daload_9 ;daload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_1 ;dastore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_1 ;dastore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_1 ;dastore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_1 ;dastore;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_1 ;dastore;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_2 ;dastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_3 ;dastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_4 ;dastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_5 ;dastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_6 ;dastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_7 ;dastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float[], int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_8 ;dastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.dastore.jm.T_dastore_9 ;dastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.NaN, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Boundary #2;Arguments = +0, -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY, Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Boundary #4;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Boundary #5;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Normal #1;Arguments = 3.14d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Normal #2;Arguments = -3.14d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_1 ;dcmpg;Normal #3;Arguments = 3.14, 3.14
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_2 ;dcmpg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_3 ;dcmpg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_4 ;dcmpg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpg.jm.T_dcmpg_5 ;dcmpg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.NaN, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Boundary #2;Arguments = +0, -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY, Double.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Boundary #4;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Boundary #5;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Normal #1;Arguments = 3.14d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Normal #2;Arguments = -3.14d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_1 ;dcmpl;Normal #3;Arguments = 3.14, 3.14
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_2 ;dcmpl;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_3 ;dcmpl;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_4 ;dcmpl;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dcmpl.jm.T_dcmpl_5 ;dcmpl;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_0.jm.T_dconst_0_1 ;dconst_0;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_0.jm.T_dconst_0_2 ;dconst_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_1.jm.T_dconst_1_1 ;dconst_1;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dconst_1.jm.T_dconst_1_2 ;dconst_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #2;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #4;Arguments = -2.7d, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0, -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #8;Arguments = 1, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Boundary #9;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, -1E-9f
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7d, 3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Normal #2;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Normal #3;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_1 ;ddiv;Normal #4;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_2 ;ddiv;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_3 ;ddiv;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_4 ;ddiv;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ddiv.jm.T_ddiv_5 ;ddiv;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double / reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_1 ;dload;Normal #1;Test dload 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_2 ;dload;Normal #2;Test dload 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_1_w ;dload;Normal #3;Test dload 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_2_w ;dload;Normal #4;Test dload_w 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_3 ;dload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_4 ;dload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_5 ;dload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_6 ;dload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_3_w ;dload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_4_w ;dload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_5_w ;dload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload.jm.T_dload_6_w ;dload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_1 ;dload_0;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_6 ;dload_0;Normal #2;Equality of dload_<n> and dload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_2 ;dload_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_3 ;dload_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_4 ;dload_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_0.jm.T_dload_0_5 ;dload_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_1 ;dload_1;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_6 ;dload_1;Normal #2;Equality of dload_<n> and dload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_2 ;dload_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_3 ;dload_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_4 ;dload_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_1.jm.T_dload_1_5 ;dload_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_1 ;dload_2;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_6 ;dload_2;Normal #2;Equality of dload_<n> and dload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_2 ;dload_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_3 ;dload_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_4 ;dload_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_2.jm.T_dload_2_5 ;dload_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_1 ;dload_3;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_6 ;dload_3;Normal #2;Equality of dload_<n> and dload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_2 ;dload_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_3 ;dload_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_4 ;dload_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dload_3.jm.T_dload_3_5 ;dload_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #2;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #4;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0d, -0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #7;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Boundary #8;Arguments = Double.MIN_VALUE, -1.4E-45f
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7d, 3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_1 ;dmul;Normal #3;Arguments = -2.7d, -3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_2 ;dmul;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_3 ;dmul;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_4 ;dmul;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dmul.jm.T_dmul_5 ;dmul;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Boundary #1;Argument = Double.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Boundary #2;Argument = Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Boundary #3;Argument = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Boundary #4;Argument = Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Boundary #5;Argument = Double.MIN
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Normal #1;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Normal #2;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Normal #3;Argument = +0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_1 ;dneg;Normal #4;Argument = -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_2 ;dneg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_3 ;dneg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_4 ;dneg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dneg.jm.T_dneg_5 ;dneg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #2;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #4;Arguments = -2.7d, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0, -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #8;Arguments = 1, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Boundary #9;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, -1E-9d
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7d, 3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Normal #2;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_1 ;drem;Normal #3;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_2 ;drem;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_3 ;drem;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_4 ;drem;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.drem.jm.T_drem_5 ;drem;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_8 ;dreturn;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_9 ;dreturn;Exception #2;Lock structural rule 1 is violated
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_1 ;dreturn;Normal #1;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_6 ;dreturn;Normal #2;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_7 ;dreturn;Normal #3;Check that monitor is released by dreturn
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_2 ;dreturn;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - void
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_3 ;dreturn;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_4 ;dreturn;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_5 ;dreturn;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_10 ;dreturn;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dreturn.jm.T_dreturn_11 ;dreturn;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_1 ;dstore;Normal #1;Dstore 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_5 ;dstore;Normal #2;Dstore 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_1_w ;dstore;Normal #3;Dstore_w 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_5_w ;dstore;Normal #4;Dstore 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_2 ;dstore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_3 ;dstore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_4 ;dstore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_2_w ;dstore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_3_w ;dstore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore.jm.T_dstore_4_w ;dstore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.jm.T_dstore_0_1 ;dstore_0;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.jm.T_dstore_0_5 ;dstore_0;Normal #2;Equality of dstore_<n> and dstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.jm.T_dstore_0_2 ;dstore_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.jm.T_dstore_0_3 ;dstore_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_0.jm.T_dstore_0_4 ;dstore_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.jm.T_dstore_1_1 ;dstore_1;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.jm.T_dstore_1_5 ;dstore_1;Normal #2;Equality of dstore_<n> and dstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.jm.T_dstore_1_2 ;dstore_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.jm.T_dstore_1_3 ;dstore_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_1.jm.T_dstore_1_4 ;dstore_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.jm.T_dstore_2_1 ;dstore_2;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.jm.T_dstore_2_5 ;dstore_2;Normal #2;Equality of dstore_<n> and dstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.jm.T_dstore_2_2 ;dstore_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.jm.T_dstore_2_3 ;dstore_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_2.jm.T_dstore_2_4 ;dstore_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.jm.T_dstore_3_1 ;dstore_3;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.jm.T_dstore_3_5 ;dstore_3;Normal #2;Equality of dstore_<n> and dstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.jm.T_dstore_3_2 ;dstore_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.jm.T_dstore_3_3 ;dstore_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dstore_3.jm.T_dstore_3_4 ;dstore_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #1;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB10;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #10;Arguments = Double.MIN_VALUE, 4.9E-324
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #2;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #3;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #4;Arguments = Double.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0d, -0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #7;Arguments = +0d, +0d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #8;Arguments = 2.7d, 2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Boundary #9;Arguments = Double.MAX_VALUE, Double.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7d, 3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_1 ;dsub;Normal #3;Arguments = -3.14d, -2.7d
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_2 ;dsub;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_3 ;dsub;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_4 ;dsub;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dsub.jm.T_dsub_5 ;dsub;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_1 ;dup;Normal #1;Type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_6 ;dup;Normal #2;Type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_7 ;dup;Normal #3;Type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_2 ;dup;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_3 ;dup;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_4 ;dup;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup.jm.T_dup_5 ;dup;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_1 ;dup2;Normal #1;Type of argument - int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_6 ;dup2;Normal #2;Type of argument - float, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_3 ;dup2;Normal #3;Type of argument - double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_4 ;dup2;Normal #4;Type of argument - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_2 ;dup2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2.jm.T_dup2_5 ;dup2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_1 ;dup2_x1;Normal #1;Type of argument - int, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_6 ;dup2_x1;Normal #2;Type of argument - float, float, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_3 ;dup2_x1;Normal #3;Type of argument - double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_4 ;dup2_x1;Normal #4;Type of argument - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_2 ;dup2_x1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x1.jm.T_dup2_x1_5 ;dup2_x1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_1 ;dup2_x2;Normal #1;Type of argument - int, int, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_2 ;dup2_x2;Normal #2;Type of argument - float, float, float, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_3 ;dup2_x2;Normal #3;Type of argument - double, float, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_4 ;dup2_x2;Normal #4;Type of argument - int, float, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_5 ;dup2_x2;Normal #5;Type of argument - double, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_6 ;dup2_x2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup2_x2.jm.T_dup2_x2_7 ;dup2_x2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_1 ;dup_x1;Normal #1;Type of argument - int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_6 ;dup_x1;Normal #2;Type of argument - float, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_7 ;dup_x1;Normal #3;Type of argument - float, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_8 ;dup_x1;Normal #4;Type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_2 ;dup_x1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_3 ;dup_x1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_4 ;dup_x1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x1.jm.T_dup_x1_5 ;dup_x1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_1 ;dup_x2;Normal #1;Type of argument - int, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_6 ;dup_x2;Normal #2;Type of argument - float, float, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_7 ;dup_x2;Normal #3;Type of argument - double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_2 ;dup_x2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_3 ;dup_x2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_4 ;dup_x2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.dup_x2.jm.T_dup_x2_5 ;dup_x2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #1;Argument = Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #2;Argument = Float.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #3;Argument = -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Normal #1;Argument = 0.5
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_1 ;f2d;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_2 ;f2d;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_3 ;f2d;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_4 ;f2d;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_5 ;f2d;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2d.jm.T_f2d_6 ;f2d;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #1;Argument = -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #2;Argument = Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #3;Argument = Float.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Normal #1;Argument = 2.999999f
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_1 ;f2i;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_2 ;f2i;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_3 ;f2i;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_4 ;f2i;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2i.jm.T_f2i_5 ;f2i;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #1;Argument = Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #2;Argument = Float.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #3;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #4;Argument = NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #5;Argument = POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Boundary #6;Argument = NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Normal #1;Argument = 2.999999f
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_1 ;f2l;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_2 ;f2l;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_3 ;f2l;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_4 ;f2l;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_5 ;f2l;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.f2l.jm.T_f2l_6 ;f2l;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #2;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #4;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0f, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #8;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Boundary #9;Arguments = Float.MIN_VALUE, -1.4E-45f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7f, 3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_1 ;fadd;Normal #3;Arguments = -3.14f, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_2 ;fadd;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_3 ;fadd;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_4 ;fadd;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fadd.jm.T_fadd_5 ;fadd;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_1 ;faload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_1 ;faload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_1 ;faload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_1 ;faload;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_1 ;faload;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_2 ;faload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_3 ;faload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_4 ;faload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_5 ;faload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_6 ;faload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_7 ;faload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_8 ;faload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.faload.jm.T_faload_9 ;faload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_1 ;fastore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_1 ;fastore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_1 ;fastore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_1 ;fastore;Normal #1;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_1 ;fastore;Normal #2;Normal test. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_2 ;fastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_3 ;fastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_4 ;fastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_5 ;fastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_6 ;fastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_7 ;fastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_8 ;fastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fastore.jm.T_fastore_9 ;fastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.NaN, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Boundary #2;Arguments = +0, -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY, Float.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Boundary #4;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Boundary #5;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Normal #1;Arguments = 3.14f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Normal #2;Arguments = -3.14f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_1 ;fcmpg;Normal #3;Arguments = 3.14, 3.14
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_2 ;fcmpg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_3 ;fcmpg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_4 ;fcmpg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpg.jm.T_fcmpg_5 ;fcmpg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.NaN, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Boundary #2;Arguments = +0, -0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY, Float.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Boundary #4;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Boundary #5;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Normal #1;Arguments = 3.14f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Normal #2;Arguments = -3.14f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_1 ;fcmpl;Normal #3;Arguments = 3.14, 3.14
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_2 ;fcmpl;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_3 ;fcmpl;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_4 ;fcmpl;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fcmpl.jm.T_fcmpl_5 ;fcmpl;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_0.jm.T_fconst_0_1 ;fconst_0;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_0.jm.T_fconst_0_2 ;fconst_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_1.jm.T_fconst_1_1 ;fconst_1;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_1.jm.T_fconst_1_2 ;fconst_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_2.jm.T_fconst_2_1 ;fconst_2;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fconst_2.jm.T_fconst_2_2 ;fconst_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #2;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #4;Arguments = -2.7f, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0, -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #8;Arguments = 1, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Boundary #9;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, -1E-9f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7f, 3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Normal #2;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_1 ;fdiv;Normal #3;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_2 ;fdiv;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_3 ;fdiv;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_4 ;fdiv;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fdiv.jm.T_fdiv_5 ;fdiv;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_1 ;fload;Normal #1;Test fload 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_2 ;fload;Normal #2;Test fload 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_1_w ;fload;Normal #3;Test fload 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_2_w ;fload;Normal #4;Test fload_w 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_3 ;fload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_4 ;fload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_5 ;fload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_6 ;fload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_3_w ;fload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_4_w ;fload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_5_w ;fload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload.jm.T_fload_6_w ;fload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_1 ;fload_0;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_6 ;fload_0;Normal #2;Equality of fload_<n> and fload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_2 ;fload_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_3 ;fload_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_4 ;fload_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_0.jm.T_fload_0_5 ;fload_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_1 ;fload_1;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_6 ;fload_1;Normal #2;Equality of fload_<n> and fload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_2 ;fload_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, (index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1).
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_3 ;fload_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_4 ;fload_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_1.jm.T_fload_1_5 ;fload_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_1 ;fload_2;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_6 ;fload_2;Normal #2;Equality of fload_<n> and fload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_2 ;fload_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, (index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1).
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_3 ;fload_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_4 ;fload_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_2.jm.T_fload_2_5 ;fload_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_1 ;fload_3;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_6 ;fload_3;Normal #2;Equality of fload_<n> and fload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_2 ;fload_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, (index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1).
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_3 ;fload_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_4 ;fload_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fload_3.jm.T_fload_3_5 ;fload_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #2;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #4;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0f, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #7;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Boundary #8;Arguments = Float.MIN_VALUE, -1.4E-45f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7f, 3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_1 ;fmul;Normal #3;Arguments = -2.7f, -3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_2 ;fmul;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_3 ;fmul;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_4 ;fmul;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fmul.jm.T_fmul_5 ;fmul;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Boundary #1;Argument = Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Boundary #2;Argument = Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Boundary #3;Argument = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Boundary #4;Argument = Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Boundary #5;Argument = Float.MIN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Normal #1;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Normal #2;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Normal #3;Argument = +0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_1 ;fneg;Normal #4;Argument = -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_2 ;fneg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_3 ;fneg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_4 ;fneg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fneg.jm.T_fneg_5 ;fneg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #2;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #4;Arguments = -2.7f, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0, -2.7
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #7;Arguments = -2.7, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #8;Arguments = 1, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Boundary #9;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, -1E-9f
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7f, 3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Normal #2;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_1 ;frem;Normal #3;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_2 ;frem;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_3 ;frem;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_4 ;frem;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.frem.jm.T_frem_5 ;frem;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_8 ;freturn;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_9 ;freturn;Exception #2;Lock structural rule 1 is violated
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_1 ;freturn;Normal #1;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_6 ;freturn;Normal #2;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_7 ;freturn;Normal #3;Check that monitor is released by freturn
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_2 ;freturn;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - void
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_3 ;freturn;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_4 ;freturn;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_5 ;freturn;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_10 ;freturn;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.freturn.jm.T_freturn_11 ;freturn;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_1 ;fstore;Normal #1;Fstore 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_5 ;fstore;Normal #2;Fstore 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_1_w ;fstore;Normal #3;Fstore_w 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_5_w ;fstore;Normal #4;Fstore 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_2 ;fstore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1)
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_3 ;fstore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_4 ;fstore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_2_w ;fstore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_3_w ;fstore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore.jm.T_fstore_4_w ;fstore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.jm.T_fstore_0_1 ;fstore_0;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.jm.T_fstore_0_5 ;fstore_0;Normal #2;Equality of fstore_<n> and fstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.jm.T_fstore_0_2 ;fstore_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.jm.T_fstore_0_3 ;fstore_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_0.jm.T_fstore_0_4 ;fstore_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.jm.T_fstore_1_1 ;fstore_1;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.jm.T_fstore_1_5 ;fstore_1;Normal #2;Equality of fstore_<n> and fstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.jm.T_fstore_1_2 ;fstore_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.jm.T_fstore_1_3 ;fstore_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_1.jm.T_fstore_1_4 ;fstore_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.jm.T_fstore_2_1 ;fstore_2;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.jm.T_fstore_2_5 ;fstore_2;Normal #2;Equality of fstore_<n> and fstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.jm.T_fstore_2_2 ;fstore_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.jm.T_fstore_2_3 ;fstore_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_2.jm.T_fstore_2_4 ;fstore_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.jm.T_fstore_3_1 ;fstore_3;Normal #1;Value is stored
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.jm.T_fstore_3_5 ;fstore_3;Normal #2;Equality of fstore_<n> and fstore <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.jm.T_fstore_3_2 ;fstore_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.jm.T_fstore_3_3 ;fstore_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fstore_3.jm.T_fstore_3_4 ;fstore_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #1;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.NaN
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB10;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #10;Arguments = Float.MIN_VALUE, -1.4E-45f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB11;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #11;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, -Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #2;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.NEGATIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #3;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #4;Arguments = Float.POSITIVE_INFINITY, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #5;Arguments = +0, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #6;Arguments = -0f, -0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #7;Arguments = +0f, +0f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #8;Arguments = 2.7f, 2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Boundary #9;Arguments = Float.MAX_VALUE, Float.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Normal #1;Arguments = 2.7f, 3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, -3.14f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_1 ;fsub;Normal #3;Arguments = -3.14f, -2.7f
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_2 ;fsub;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_3 ;fsub;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_4 ;fsub;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.fsub.jm.T_fsub_5 ;fsub;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_5 ;getfield;Exception #1;Attempt to access static field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_6 ;getfield;Exception #2;Attempt to access of non-accessible private field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_7 ;getfield;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_8 ;getfield;Exception #4;Expected NoSuchFieldError
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_10 ;getfield;Exception #5;Attempt to get int from float field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_9 ;getfield;Exception #6;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_12 dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_1 ;getfield;Exception #7;Attempt to read superclass' private field from subclass in same package  FIXME: this seems to be a bug in JDK 1.5?
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_16 ;getfield;Exception #8;Attempt to access of non-accessible protected field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_17 dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.TestStubs ;getfield;Exception #9;Attempt to read private field of a class which was passed as argument
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_1 ;getfield;Normal #1;Type - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_2 ;getfield;Normal #2;Type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_1 ;getfield;Normal #3;Access protected field from subclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_14 ;getfield;Normal #4;Assignment compatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_4 ;getfield;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_3 ;getfield;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_13 ;getfield;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.getfield.jm.T_getfield_15 ;getfield;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.16, assignment incompatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_5 ;getstatic;Exception #1;Attempt to access non-static field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_6 dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.TestStubs ;getstatic;Exception #2;Attempt to access of non-accessible field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_7 ;getstatic;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_8 ;getstatic;Exception #4;Expected NoSuchFieldError
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_10 ;getstatic;Exception #5;Attempt to get int from float field
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.StubInitError dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_9 ;getstatic;Exception #6;Initialization of referenced class throws exception
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_12 ;getstatic;Exception #7;Attempt to read superclass' private field from subclass  FIXME: is this a JVM bug?
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_1 ;getstatic;Normal #1;Type - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_2 ;getstatic;Normal #2;Type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_11 ;getstatic;Normal #3;Access protected field from subclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_4 ;getstatic;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_3 ;getstatic;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.getstatic.jm.T_getstatic_13 ;getstatic;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_1 ;goto_w;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_1 ;goto_w;Normal #2;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_5 ;goto_w;Normal #3;Negative offset
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_2 ;goto_w;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target is inside instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_3 ;goto_w;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.goto_w.jm.T_goto_w_4 ;goto_w;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #1;S. Argument = 127
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #2;S. Argument = 128
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #3;S. Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #4;S. Argument = -128
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #5;S. Argument = -129
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #6;S. Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Boundary #7;S. Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #1;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #2;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #3;Argument = 16
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #4;Argument = -32
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #5;Argument = 134
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_1 ;i2b;Normal #6;Argument = -134
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_2 ;i2b;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_3 ;i2b;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_4 ;i2b;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2b.jm.T_i2b_5 ;i2b;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Boundary #1;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Boundary #2;Argument = 65535
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Boundary #3;Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Boundary #4;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Normal #1;Argument = 65
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Normal #2;Argument = 65537
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Normal #3;Argument = -2
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_1 ;i2c;Normal #4;Argument = 0x110000
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_2 ;i2c;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_3 ;i2c;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_4 ;i2c;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2c.jm.T_i2c_5 ;i2c;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Boundary #1;Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Boundary #2;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Boundary #3;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Normal #1;Argument = 300000000
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_1 ;i2d;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_2 ;i2d;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_3 ;i2d;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_4 ;i2d;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_5 ;i2d;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2d.jm.T_i2d_6 ;i2d;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Boundary #1;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Boundary #2;Argument = Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Boundary #3;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Normal #1;Argument = 123456
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_1 ;i2f;Normal #4;Argument = 33564439
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_2 ;i2f;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_3 ;i2f;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_4 ;i2f;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2f.jm.T_i2f_5 ;i2f;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Boundary #1;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Boundary #2;Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Boundary #3;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Normal #1;Argument = 123456
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_1 ;i2l;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_2 ;i2l;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_3 ;i2l;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_4 ;i2l;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_5 ;i2l;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2l.jm.T_i2l_6 ;i2l;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Boundary #1;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Boundary #2;Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Boundary #3;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #1;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #2;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #3;Argument = 32767
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #4;Argument = -32768
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #5;Argument = -32769
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #6;Argument = 32768
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testN7;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_1 ;i2s;Normal #7;Argument = 0x10fedc;
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_2 ;i2s;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_3 ;i2s;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_4 ;i2s;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.i2s.jm.T_i2s_5 ;i2s;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #4;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Boundary #6;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #1;Arguments = 8, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #3;Arguments = 0, -65536
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #4;Arguments = 0, -2147483647
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #5;Arguments = 0x7ffffffe, 2
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_1 ;iadd;Normal #6;Arguments = -1, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_2 ;iadd;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_3 ;iadd;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_4 ;iadd;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iadd.jm.T_iadd_5 ;iadd;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_1 ;iaload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_1 ;iaload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_1 ;iaload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_1 ;iaload;Normal #1;Normal test/. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_1 ;iaload;Normal #2;Normal test/. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_2 ;iaload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_3 ;iaload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_4 ;iaload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_5 ;iaload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_6 ;iaload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_7 ;iaload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_8 ;iaload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.iaload.jm.T_iaload_9 ;iaload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_1 ;iand;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_1 ;iand;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_1 ;iand;Normal #1;Arguments = 15, 8
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_1 ;iand;Normal #2;Arguments = 0xfffffff8, 0xfffffff1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_1 ;iand;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xcafe & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_2 ;iand;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_3 ;iand;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_4 ;iand;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iand.jm.T_iand_5 ;iand;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_1 ;iastore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_1 ;iastore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_1 ;iastore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_1 ;iastore;Normal #1;Normal test/. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_1 ;iastore;Normal #2;Normal test/. Trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_2 ;iastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_3 ;iastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_4 ;iastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_5 ;iastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_6 ;iastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_7 ;iastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_8 ;iastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.iastore.jm.T_iastore_9 ;iastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_0.jm.T_iconst_0_1 ;iconst_0;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_0.jm.T_iconst_0_2 ;iconst_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_1.jm.T_iconst_1_1 ;iconst_1;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_1.jm.T_iconst_1_2 ;iconst_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_2.jm.T_iconst_2_1 ;iconst_2;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_2.jm.T_iconst_2_2 ;iconst_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_3.jm.T_iconst_3_1 ;iconst_3;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_3.jm.T_iconst_3_2 ;iconst_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_4.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_4.jm.T_iconst_4_1 ;iconst_4;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_4.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_4.jm.T_iconst_4_2 ;iconst_4;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_5.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_5.jm.T_iconst_5_1 ;iconst_5;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_5.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_5.jm.T_iconst_5_2 ;iconst_5;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_m1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_m1.jm.T_iconst_m1_1 ;iconst_m1;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_m1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iconst_m1.jm.T_iconst_m1_2 ;iconst_m1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #4;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #5;Arguments = 1, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Boundary #6;Arguments = 1, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Exception #1;Divisor is 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #1;Arguments = 8, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #2;Rounding
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #3;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #4;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #5;Divisor is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_1 ;idiv;Normal #6;Both Dividend and divisor are negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_2 ;idiv;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_3 ;idiv;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_4 ;idiv;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.idiv.jm.T_idiv_5 ;idiv;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_1 ;if_acmpeq;Boundary #1;Compare with null
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_1 ;if_acmpeq;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_1 ;if_acmpeq;Normal #2;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_2 ;if_acmpeq;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_3 ;if_acmpeq;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_4 ;if_acmpeq;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_5 ;if_acmpeq;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpeq.jm.T_if_acmpeq_6 ;if_acmpeq;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_1 ;if_acmpne;Boundary #1;Compare with null
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_1 ;if_acmpne;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_1 ;if_acmpne;Normal #2;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_2 ;if_acmpne;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_3 ;if_acmpne;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_4 ;if_acmpne;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_5 ;if_acmpne;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_acmpne.jm.T_if_acmpne_6 ;if_acmpne;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Boundary #3;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_1 ;if_icmpeq;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x01001234, 0x1234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_2 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_3 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_4 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_5 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_6 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpeq.jm.T_if_icmpeq_7 ;if_icmpeq;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Boundary #3;Arguments = 1234567, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0d, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #5;Arguments = 0x1234, 0x01001234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_1 ;if_icmpge;Normal #6;Arguments = -5, 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_2 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_3 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_4 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_5 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_6 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpge.jm.T_if_icmpge_7 ;if_icmpge;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Boundary #3;Arguments = 1234567, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0d, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #5;Arguments = 0x1234, 0x01001234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_1 ;if_icmpgt;Normal #6;Arguments = -5, 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_2 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_3 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_4 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_5 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_6 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpgt.jm.T_if_icmpgt_7 ;if_icmpgt;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Boundary #3;Arguments = 1234567, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0d, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #5;Arguments = 0x1234, 0x01001234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_1 ;if_icmple;Normal #6;Arguments = -5, 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_2 ;if_icmple;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_3 ;if_icmple;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_4 ;if_icmple;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_5 ;if_icmple;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_6 ;if_icmple;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmple.jm.T_if_icmple_7 ;if_icmple;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Boundary #3;Arguments = 1234567, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0d, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #5;Arguments = 0x1234, 0x01001234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_1 ;if_icmplt;Normal #6;Arguments = -5, 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_2 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_3 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_4 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_5 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_6 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmplt.jm.T_if_icmplt_7 ;if_icmplt;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Boundary #3;Arguments = 0, 1234567
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Normal #1;Arguments = 5, 6
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Normal #2;Arguments = 0x0f0e0d0c, 0x0f0e0d0c
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Normal #3;Arguments = 5, -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_1 ;if_icmpne;Normal #4;Arguments = 0x01001234, 0x1234
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_2 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_3 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_4 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_5 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_6 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.if_icmpne.jm.T_if_icmpne_7 ;if_icmpne;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_1 ;ifeq;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_1 ;ifeq;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_1 ;ifeq;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_1 ;ifeq;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_1 ;ifeq;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_2 ;ifeq;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_3 ;ifeq;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_4 ;ifeq;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_5 ;ifeq;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_6 ;ifeq;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifeq.jm.T_ifeq_7 ;ifeq;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_1 ;ifge;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_1 ;ifge;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_1 ;ifge;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_1 ;ifge;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_1 ;ifge;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_2 ;ifge;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_3 ;ifge;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_4 ;ifge;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_5 ;ifge;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_6 ;ifge;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifge.jm.T_ifge_7 ;ifge;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_1 ;ifgt;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_1 ;ifgt;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_1 ;ifgt;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_1 ;ifgt;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_1 ;ifgt;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_2 ;ifgt;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_3 ;ifgt;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_4 ;ifgt;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_5 ;ifgt;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_6 ;ifgt;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifgt.jm.T_ifgt_7 ;ifgt;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_1 ;ifle;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_1 ;ifle;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_1 ;ifle;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_1 ;ifle;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_1 ;ifle;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_2 ;ifle;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_3 ;ifle;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_4 ;ifle;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_5 ;ifle;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_6 ;ifle;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifle.jm.T_ifle_7 ;ifle;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_1 ;iflt;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_1 ;iflt;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_1 ;iflt;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_1 ;iflt;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_1 ;iflt;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_2 ;iflt;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_3 ;iflt;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_4 ;iflt;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_5 ;iflt;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_6 ;iflt;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iflt.jm.T_iflt_7 ;iflt;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_1 ;ifne;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_1 ;ifne;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_1 ;ifne;Normal #1;Argument = 5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_1 ;ifne;Normal #2;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_1 ;ifne;Normal #3;Arguments = -5
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_2 ;ifne;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_3 ;ifne;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_4 ;ifne;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_5 ;ifne;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_6 ;ifne;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifne.jm.T_ifne_7 ;ifne;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_1 ;ifnonnull;Normal #1;Argument = this
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_1 ;ifnonnull;Normal #2;Argument = null
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_2 ;ifnonnull;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_3 ;ifnonnull;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_4 ;ifnonnull;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_5 ;ifnonnull;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnonnull.jm.T_ifnonnull_6 ;ifnonnull;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_1 ;ifnull;Normal #1;Argument = this
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_1 ;ifnull;Normal #2;Argument = null
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_2 ;ifnull;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_3 ;ifnull;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_4 ;ifnull;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_5 ;ifnull;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ifnull.jm.T_ifnull_6 ;ifnull;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_4 ;iinc;Boundary #1;Increment by 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB10;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5_w ;iinc;Boundary #10;Increment by 32767
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB11;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5_w ;iinc;Boundary #11;Increment by 32767
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB12;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5_w ;iinc;Boundary #12;Increment by 32767
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB13;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_6_w ;iinc;Boundary #13;Increment by -32768
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB14;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_6_w ;iinc;Boundary #14;Increment by -32768
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_4 ;iinc;Boundary #2;Increment by 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5 ;iinc;Boundary #3;Increment by 127
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5 ;iinc;Boundary #4;Increment by 127
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_5 ;iinc;Boundary #5;Increment by 127
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_6 ;iinc;Boundary #6;Increment by -128
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_6 ;iinc;Boundary #7;Increment by -128
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_4_w ;iinc;Boundary #8;Increment by 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_4_w ;iinc;Boundary #9;Increment by 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_1 ;iinc;Normal #1;Increment by 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_2 ;iinc;Normal #2;Increment by -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_3 ;iinc;Normal #3;Increment by 63
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_1_w ;iinc;Normal #4;Increment by 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_2_w ;iinc;Normal #5;Increment by -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_3_w ;iinc;Normal #6;Increment by 7763
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_7 ;iinc;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than max_locals-1.
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_8 ;iinc;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be a nonnegative integer.
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_9 ;iinc;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_10 ;iinc;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_7_w ;iinc;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than max_locals-1.
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_8_w ;iinc;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be a nonnegative integer.
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_9_w ;iinc;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.iinc.jm.T_iinc_10_w ;iinc;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_1 ;iload;Normal #1;Test iload 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_2 ;iload;Normal #2;Test iload 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_1_w ;iload;Normal #3;Test iload 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_2_w ;iload;Normal #4;Test iload_w 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_3 ;iload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_4 ;iload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_5 ;iload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_6 ;iload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_3_w ;iload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_4_w ;iload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_5_w ;iload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload.jm.T_iload_6_w ;iload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_1 ;iload_0;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_6 ;iload_0;Normal #2;Equality of iload_<n> and iload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_2 ;iload_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_3 ;iload_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_4 ;iload_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_0.jm.T_iload_0_5 ;iload_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_1 ;iload_1;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_6 ;iload_1;Normal #2;Equality of iload_<n> and iload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_2 ;iload_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_3 ;iload_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_4 ;iload_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_1.jm.T_iload_1_5 ;iload_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_1 ;iload_2;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_6 ;iload_2;Normal #2;Equality of iload_<n> and iload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_2 ;iload_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_3 ;iload_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_4 ;iload_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_2.jm.T_iload_2_5 ;iload_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_1 ;iload_3;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_6 ;iload_3;Normal #2;Equality of iload_<n> and iload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_2 ;iload_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_3 ;iload_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_4 ;iload_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iload_3.jm.T_iload_3_5 ;iload_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Boundary #4;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Normal #1;Arguments = 8, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Normal #2;Arguments = -2, 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Normal #3;Arguments = 0x7ffffffe, 2
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_1 ;imul;Normal #4;Arguments = 4, 0x80000001
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_2 ;imul;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_3 ;imul;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_4 ;imul;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.imul.jm.T_imul_5 ;imul;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Boundary #1;Argument = Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Boundary #2;Argument = Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Normal #1;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Normal #2;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Normal #3;Argument = 32768
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_1 ;ineg;Normal #4;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_2 ;ineg;Normal #5;Check that -x == (~x + 1)
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_3 ;ineg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_4 ;ineg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_5 ;ineg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ineg.jm.T_ineg_6 ;ineg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_7 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #1;Method doesn't exist
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_16 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #2;Method has different signature
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_3 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #3;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #4;Object doesn't implement interface
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_12 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #5;Native method can't be linked
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_13 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImplAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #6;Attempt to invoke abstract method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_15 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImplAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #7;Attempt to invoke static method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_17 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImplAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Exception #8;Attempt to invoke non-public interface method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_1 ;invokeinterface;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImpl dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_14 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Normal #2;Check that new frame is created by invokeinterface and arguments are passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_19 ;invokeinterface;Normal #3;Check that monitor is acquired if method is synchronized
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_2 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.15, valid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE10;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITestImplAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_18 ;invokeinterface;Verifier #10;Constraint 4.8.2.14, only invokespecial may be used to call <init>
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE11;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_20 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #11;Constraint 4.8.2.14, only invokespecial may be used to call <clinit>
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE12;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_21 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #12;Constraint 4.8.2.12, types of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_23 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.15, invalid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_5 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_10 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_8 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.15, args_size value must match number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_6 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.15, 4th operand must be zero
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.T_invokeinterface_9 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokeinterface.jm.ITest ;invokeinterface;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_7 ;invokespecial;Exception #1;Method doesn't exist in "this" and superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_16 ;invokespecial;Exception #2;Method has different signature
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_8 ;invokespecial;Exception #3;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Exception #4;Attempt to invoke static method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_9 ;invokespecial;Exception #5;Native method can't be linked
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_12 ;invokespecial;Exception #6;Attempt to invoke private method of superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_13 ;invokespecial;Exception #7;Attempt to invoke abstract method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Normal #1;Superclass' method call
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_2 ;invokespecial;Normal #2;Private method call
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper2 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_15 ;invokespecial;Normal #3;Invoke method of superclass of superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_17 ;invokespecial;Normal #4;Invoke protected method of superclass specifying "this" class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_18 ;invokespecial;Normal #5;Invoke protected method of superclass if method with the same name exists in "this" class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_19 ;invokespecial;Normal #6;Check that method's arguments are popped from stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_21 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Normal #7;Check that new frame is created by invokespecial
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testN8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_22 ;invokespecial;Normal #8;Check that monitor is acquired if method is synchronized
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_3 ;invokespecial;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.13, valid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE10;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_25 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TPlain ;invokespecial;Verifier #10;Constraint 4.8.2.13, assignment incompatible references when accessing                  protected method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE11;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper2 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_26 ;invokespecial;Verifier #11;Constraint 4.8.2.13, assignment incompatible references when accessing                  public method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_23 ;invokespecial;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.13, invalid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_4 ;invokespecial;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.14, only &lt;init&gt; may be called
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_6 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TPlain ;invokespecial;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.7, invokespecial target must be in self or superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_5 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_10 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_20 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper ;invokespecial;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.7, invokespecial must name method of "this" class or                 superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_14 ;invokespecial;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.7, number of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokespecial.jm.T_invokespecial_24 ;invokespecial;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.2.12, types of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_5 ;invokestatic;Exception #1;Attempt to call non-static method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_6 ;invokestatic;Exception #2;Native method can't be linked
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_7 ;invokestatic;Exception #3;NoSuchMethodError
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClass dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_8 ;invokestatic;Exception #5;Attempt to call private method of other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClass dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_13 ;invokestatic;Exception #6;Method has different signature
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClassInitError dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_14 ;invokestatic;Exception #7;Initialization of referenced class throws exception
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClassAbstract dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_16 ;invokestatic;Exception #8;Attempt to call abstract method of other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_17 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.TestStubs ;invokestatic;Exception #9;Attempt to call protected method of unrelated class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_1 ;invokestatic;Normal #1;Static method from library class Math
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClass dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_2 ;invokestatic;Normal #2;Static method from user class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_4 ;invokestatic;Normal #3;Check that <clinit> is called
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_12 ;invokestatic;Normal #4;Check that monitor is acquired if method is synchronized
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClass dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_15 ;invokestatic;Normal #5;Check that new frame is created by invokestatic and arguments are passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.TestClass dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_18 ;invokestatic;Normal #6;Static protected method from other class in the same package
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_3 ;invokestatic;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.13, invalid type into constant pool
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_9 ;invokestatic;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.13, invalid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_10 ;invokestatic;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.14, &lt;clinit&gt; may not be called using invokestatic
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_11 ;invokestatic;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_19 ;invokestatic;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.14, &lt;init&gt; may not be called using invokestatic
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokestatic.jm.T_invokestatic_20 ;invokestatic;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.12, types of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_3 ;invokevirtual;Exception #1;
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_4 ;invokevirtual;Exception #2;Native method can't be linked
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_5 ;invokevirtual;Exception #3;Attempt to invoke static method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.ATest dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_6 ;invokevirtual;Exception #4;Attempt to invoke abstract method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_15 ;invokevirtual;Exception #5;Attempt to invoke non-existing method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.TProtected dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_18 ;invokevirtual;Exception #6;Attempt to invoke private method of other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_20 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.TProtected ;invokevirtual;Exception #7;Attempt to invoke protected method of other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_19 ;invokevirtual;Exception #8;Method has different signature
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_1 ;invokevirtual;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_2 ;invokevirtual;Normal #2;Check that monitor is acquired if method is synchronized
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_7 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper ;invokevirtual;Normal #3;Invoke protected method of superclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_13 ;invokevirtual;Normal #4;Private method call
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_14 ;invokevirtual;Normal #5;Check that new frame is created by invokevirtual and arguments are passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_17 ;invokevirtual;Normal #6;Recursion of method lookup procedure
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_8 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.13, valid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_9 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.13, invalid index into constant pool table
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_10 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.14, &lt;clinit&gt; may not be called using invokevirtual
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_11 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_12 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_16 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.14, &lt;init&gt; may not be called using invokevirtual
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_21 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper ;invokevirtual;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.12, types of arguments passed to method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TPlain dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_22 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper ;invokevirtual;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.13, assignment incompatible references when accessing                  protected method
dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.T_invokevirtual_23 dxc.junit.opcodes.invokevirtual.jm.TSuper2 ;invokevirtual;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.2.13, assignment incompatible references when accessing                  public method
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_1 ;ior;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_1 ;ior;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_1 ;ior;Normal #1;Arguments = 15, 8
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_1 ;ior;Normal #2;Arguments = 0xfffffff8, 0xfffffff1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_1 ;ior;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xcafe & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_2 ;ior;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_3 ;ior;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_4 ;ior;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ior.jm.T_ior_5 ;ior;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #1;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #4;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #5;Arguments = 1, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Boundary #6;Arguments = 1, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Exception #1;Divisor is 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #1;Arguments = 8, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #2;Arguments = 1073741823, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #3;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #4;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #5;Divisor is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_1 ;irem;Normal #6;Both Dividend and divisor are negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_2 ;irem;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_3 ;irem;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_4 ;irem;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.irem.jm.T_irem_5 ;irem;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_8 ;ireturn;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_9 ;ireturn;Exception #2;Lock structural rule 1 is violated
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_1 ;ireturn;Normal #1;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_6 ;ireturn;Normal #2;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_7 ;ireturn;Normal #3;Check that monitor is released by ireturn
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_2 ;ireturn;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - void
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_3 ;ireturn;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_4 ;ireturn;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_5 ;ireturn;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_10 ;ireturn;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ireturn.jm.T_ireturn_11 ;ireturn;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Boundary #4;Arguments = 1 & 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Normal #1;15 << 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Normal #2;33 << 2
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Normal #3;-15 << 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Normal #4;Arguments = 1 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_1 ;ishl;Normal #5;Verify that shift distance is actually in range 0 to 32.
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_2 ;ishl;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_3 ;ishl;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_4 ;ishl;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishl.jm.T_ishl_5 ;ishl;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Boundary #4;Arguments = 1 & 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Normal #1;15 >> 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Normal #2;33 >> 2
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Normal #3;-15 >> 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Normal #4;Arguments = 1 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_1 ;ishr;Normal #5;Verify that shift distance is actually in range 0 to 32.
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_2 ;ishr;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_3 ;ishr;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_4 ;ishr;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ishr.jm.T_ishr_5 ;ishr;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_1 ;istore;Normal #1;Istore 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_5 ;istore;Normal #2;Istore 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_1_w ;istore;Normal #3;Istore_w 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_5_w ;istore;Normal #4;Istore 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_2 ;istore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_3 ;istore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_4 ;istore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_2_w ;istore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_3_w ;istore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore.jm.T_istore_4_w ;istore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.jm.T_istore_0_1 ;istore_0;Normal #1;"The value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack."
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.jm.T_istore_0_5 ;istore_0;Normal #2;"Each of the istore_<n> instructions is the same as istore with an index of <n>"
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.jm.T_istore_0_2 ;istore_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.jm.T_istore_0_3 ;istore_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_0.jm.T_istore_0_4 ;istore_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.jm.T_istore_1_1 ;istore_1;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.jm.T_istore_1_5 ;istore_1;Normal #2;Each of the istore_<n> instructions is the same as istore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.jm.T_istore_1_2 ;istore_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.jm.T_istore_1_3 ;istore_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_1.jm.T_istore_1_4 ;istore_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.jm.T_istore_2_1 ;istore_2;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack.
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.jm.T_istore_2_5 ;istore_2;Normal #2;Each of the istore_<n> instructions is the same as istore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.jm.T_istore_2_2 ;istore_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.jm.T_istore_2_3 ;istore_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_2.jm.T_istore_2_4 ;istore_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.jm.T_istore_3_1 ;istore_3;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack.
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.jm.T_istore_3_5 ;istore_3;Normal #2;Each of the istore_<n> instructions is the same as istore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.jm.T_istore_3_2 ;istore_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.jm.T_istore_3_3 ;istore_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.istore_3.jm.T_istore_3_4 ;istore_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #4;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0, -Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #7;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #8;Arguments = 1, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testB9;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Boundary #9;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE, Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Normal #1;Arguments = 8, 4
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Normal #3;Arguments = 0, -65536
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_1 ;isub;Normal #4;Arguments = 0, -2147483647
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_2 ;isub;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_3 ;isub;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_4 ;isub;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.isub.jm.T_isub_5 ;isub;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Boundary #3;Arguments = Integer.MIN_VALUE & 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Boundary #4;Arguments = 1 & 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Normal #1;15 >> 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Normal #2;33 >> 2
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Normal #3;-15 >> 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Normal #4;Arguments = 1 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_1 ;iushr;Normal #5;Verify that shift distance is actually in range 0 to 32.
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_2 ;iushr;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_3 ;iushr;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_4 ;iushr;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.iushr.jm.T_iushr_5 ;iushr;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_1 ;ixor;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_1 ;ixor;Boundary #2;Arguments = Integer.MAX_VALUE & Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_1 ;ixor;Normal #1;Arguments = 15, 8
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_1 ;ixor;Normal #2;Arguments = 0xfffffff8, 0xfffffff1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_1 ;ixor;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xcafe & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_2 ;ixor;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_3 ;ixor;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_4 ;ixor;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ixor.jm.T_ixor_5 ;ixor;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.jm.T_jsr_1 ;jsr;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.jm.T_jsr_2 ;jsr;Normal #2;Nested jsrs
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.jm.T_jsr_4 ;jsr;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.23, recursion of jsr
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.jm.T_jsr_5 ;jsr;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr.jm.T_jsr_3 ;jsr;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target inside wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.jm.T_jsr_w_1 ;jsr_w;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.jm.T_jsr_w_2 ;jsr_w;Normal #2;Nested jsrs
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.jm.T_jsr_w_4 ;jsr_w;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.23, recursion of jsr
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.jm.T_jsr_w_5 ;jsr_w;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.jsr_w.jm.T_jsr_w_3 ;jsr_w;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target inside wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Boundary #1;Argument = Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Boundary #2;Argument = Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Boundary #3;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Normal #1;Argument = 50000000000
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_1 ;l2d;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_2 ;l2d;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_3 ;l2d;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_4 ;l2d;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2d.jm.T_l2d_7 ;l2d;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Boundary #1;Argument = Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Boundary #2;Argument = Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Boundary #3;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Normal #1;Argument = 123456789012345
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_1 ;l2f;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_2 ;l2f;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_3 ;l2f;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_4 ;l2f;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2f.jm.T_l2f_5 ;l2f;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Boundary #1;Argument = Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Boundary #2;Argument = Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Boundary #3;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Normal #1;Argument = 0xAAAAFFEEDDCCl
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Normal #2;Argument = -123456789
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Normal #3;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_1 ;l2i;Normal #4;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_2 ;l2i;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_3 ;l2i;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_4 ;l2i;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.l2i.jm.T_l2i_5 ;l2i;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #1;Arguments: 0 + Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #2;Arguments: 0 + Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #3;Arguments: 0 + 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #4;Arguments: Long.MAX_VALUE + Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #5;Arguments: Long.MAX_VALUE + Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #6;Arguments: Long.MIN_VALUE + Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #7;Arguments: Long.MIN_VALUE + 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testB8;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Boundary #8;Arguments: Long.MAX_VALUE + 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Normal #1;Arguments = 12345678l, 87654321l
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Normal #2;Arguments = 0l, 87654321l
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_1 ;ladd;Normal #3;Arguments = -12345678l, 0l
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_2 ;ladd;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_3 ;ladd;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_4 ;ladd;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / integer
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_5 ;ladd;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / float
dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ladd.jm.T_ladd_6 ;ladd;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / long
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_1 ;laload;Exception #1;Exception - ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_1 ;laload;Exception #2;Exception - NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_1 ;laload;Exception #3;Exception - ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_1 ;laload;Normal #1;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_1 ;laload;Normal #2;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_2 ;laload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_3 ;laload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_4 ;laload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_5 ;laload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_6 ;laload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_7 ;laload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_8 ;laload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], long
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_9 ;laload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int[], long
dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.laload.jm.T_laload_10 ;laload;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_1 ;land;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_1 ;land;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE & Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_1 ;land;Normal #1;Arguments = 0xfffffff8aal, 0xfffffff1aal
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_1 ;land;Normal #2;Arguments = 987654321, 123456789
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_1 ;land;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xABCDEF & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_2 ;land;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_3 ;land;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_4 ;land;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.land.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.land.jm.T_land_7 ;land;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_1 ;lastore;Exception #1;Exception - ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_1 ;lastore;Exception #2;Exception - NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_1 ;lastore;Exception #3;Exception - ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_1 ;lastore;Normal #1;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_1 ;lastore;Normal #2;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_2 ;lastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_3 ;lastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_4 ;lastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_5 ;lastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_6 ;lastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_7 ;lastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_8 ;lastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int[], int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.lastore.jm.T_lastore_9 ;lastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #1;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE > Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE < Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #3;Arguments = 1 > 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #4;Arguments = 0 > -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #5;Arguments = -1 < 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0 = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Normal #1;Arguments = 111234567891l > 111234567890l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Normal #2;Arguments = 112234567890 == 112234567890
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_1 ;lcmp;Normal #3;Arguments = 112234567890 < 998876543210
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_2 ;lcmp;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_3 ;lcmp;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_4 ;lcmp;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_5 ;lcmp;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lcmp.jm.T_lcmp_6 ;lcmp;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_0.jm.T_lconst_0_1 ;lconst_0;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_0.jm.T_lconst_0_2 ;lconst_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_1.jm.T_lconst_1_1 ;lconst_1;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lconst_1.jm.T_lconst_1_2 ;lconst_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.jm.T_ldc_1 ;ldc;Normal #1;Push string into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.jm.T_ldc_2 ;ldc;Normal #2;Push float into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.jm.T_ldc_3 ;ldc;Normal #3;Push int into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.jm.T_ldc_4 ;ldc;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.10, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc.jm.T_ldc_5 ;ldc;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.10, wrong constant pool entry type (long)
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.jm.T_ldc2_w_1 ;ldc2_w;Normal #1;Push long into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.jm.T_ldc2_w_2 ;ldc2_w;Normal #2;Push double into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.jm.T_ldc2_w_4 ;ldc2_w;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.10, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc2_w.jm.T_ldc2_w_5 ;ldc2_w;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.10, wrong constant pool entry type (float)
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.jm.T_ldc_w_1 ;ldc_w;Normal #1;Push float into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.jm.T_ldc_w_2 ;ldc_w;Normal #2;Push int into stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.jm.T_ldc_w_4 ;ldc_w;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.10, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldc_w.jm.T_ldc_w_5 ;ldc_w;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.10, wrong constant pool entry type (double)
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #1;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #5;Arguments = 1, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Boundary #6;Arguments = 1, Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Exception #1;Divisor is 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #1;Arguments = 100000000000l, 40000000000l
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #2;Rounding
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #3;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #4;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #5;Divisor is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_1 ;ldiv;Normal #6;Both Dividend and divisor are negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_2 ;ldiv;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_3 ;ldiv;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_4 ;ldiv;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_5 ;ldiv;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_6 ;ldiv;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float / long
dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ldiv.jm.T_ldiv_7 ;ldiv;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_1 ;lload;Normal #1;Test lload 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_2 ;lload;Normal #2;Test lload 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_1_w ;lload;Normal #3;Test lload_w 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_2_w ;lload;Normal #4;Test lload 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_3 ;lload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_4 ;lload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_5 ;lload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_6 ;lload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_3_w ;lload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_4_w ;lload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_5_w ;lload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload.jm.T_lload_6_w ;lload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_1 ;lload_0;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_6 ;lload_0;Normal #2;Equality of lload_<n> and lload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_2 ;lload_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_3 ;lload_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_4 ;lload_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_0.jm.T_lload_0_5 ;lload_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_1 ;lload_1;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_6 ;lload_1;Normal #2;Equality of lload_<n> and lload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_2 ;lload_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_3 ;lload_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_4 ;lload_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_1.jm.T_lload_1_5 ;lload_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_1 ;lload_2;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_6 ;lload_2;Normal #2;Equality of lload_<n> and lload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_2 ;lload_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_3 ;lload_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_4 ;lload_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_2.jm.T_lload_2_5 ;lload_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_1 ;lload_3;Normal #1;Value is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_6 ;lload_3;Normal #2;Equality of lload_<n> and lload <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_2 ;lload_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_3 ;lload_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_4 ;lload_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lload_3.jm.T_lload_3_5 ;lload_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #6;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testB7;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Boundary #7;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Normal #1;Arguments = 222000000000l, 5000000000l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Normal #2;Arguments = -123456789l, 123456789l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_1 ;lmul;Normal #3;Arguments = -123456789l, -123456789l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_2 ;lmul;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_3 ;lmul;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_4 ;lmul;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long * double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_5 ;lmul;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long * int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_6 ;lmul;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float * long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lmul.jm.T_lmul_7 ;lmul;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference * long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Boundary #1;Argument = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Boundary #2;Argument = Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Boundary #3;Argument = Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Normal #1;Argument = 123123123272432432l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Normal #2;Argument = 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_1 ;lneg;Normal #3;Argument = -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_2 ;lneg;Normal #4;Check that -x == (~x + 1)
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_3 ;lneg;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_4 ;lneg;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_5 ;lneg;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_6 ;lneg;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lneg.jm.T_lneg_7 ;lneg;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_1 ;lookupswitch;Boundary #1;Check Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_1 ;lookupswitch;Boundary #2;Check Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_1 ;lookupswitch;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_2 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_3 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_4 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.9, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_5 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.9, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_6 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.9, npairs shall be >= 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_7 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.9, non-zero padding
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_8 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.1.9, pairs shall be sorted in ascending order
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_9 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.Main_testVFE9;dxc.junit.opcodes.lookupswitch.jm.T_lookupswitch_10 ;lookupswitch;Verifier #9;Constraint 4.8.1.9, number of entries in jump table
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_1 ;lor;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_1 ;lor;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_1 ;lor;Normal #1;Arguments = 123456789121l, 2l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_1 ;lor;Normal #2;Arguments = 0xffffffffffffff8l, 0xffffffffffffff1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_1 ;lor;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xabcdefabcdef, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_2 ;lor;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_3 ;lor;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_4 ;lor;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_5 ;lor;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lor.jm.T_lor_6 ;lor;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #1;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, -1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #5;Arguments = 1l, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Boundary #6;Arguments = 1l, Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Exception #1;Divisor is 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #1;Arguments = 10000000000l, 4000000000l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #2;Arguments = 1234567890123l, 123456789l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #3;Dividend = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #4;Dividend is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #5;Divisor is negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_1 ;lrem;Normal #6;Both Dividend and divisor are negative
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_2 ;lrem;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_3 ;lrem;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_4 ;lrem;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int / long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_5 ;lrem;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long / float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lrem.jm.T_lrem_6 ;lrem;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference / float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_8 ;lreturn;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_1 ;lreturn;Normal #1;Simple
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_6 ;lreturn;Normal #2;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_7 ;lreturn;Normal #3;Check that monitor is released by lreturn
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_2 ;lreturn;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - void
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_3 ;lreturn;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_4 ;lreturn;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_5 ;lreturn;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_10 ;lreturn;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lreturn.jm.T_lreturn_11 ;lreturn;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Boundary #2;Arguments = 1, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Normal #1;Arguments = 5000000000l, 3
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Normal #2;Arguments = 5000000000l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Normal #3;Arguments = -5000000000l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Normal #4;Arguments = 1, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_1 ;lshl;Normal #5;Verify that shift distance is actually in range 0 to 64.
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_2 ;lshl;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_3 ;lshl;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_4 ;lshl;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_5 ;lshl;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshl.jm.T_lshl_6 ;lshl;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Boundary #2;Arguments = 1, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Normal #1;Arguments = 40000000000l, 3
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Normal #2;Arguments = 40000000000l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Normal #3;Arguments = -40000000000l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Normal #4;Arguments = 1, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_1 ;lshr;Normal #5;Verify that shift distance is actually in range 0 to 64.
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_2 ;lshr;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_3 ;lshr;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_4 ;lshr;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_5 ;lshr;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lshr.jm.T_lshr_6 ;lshr;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_1 ;lstore;Normal #1;Lstore 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_2 ;lstore;Normal #2;Lstore 255
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_1_w ;lstore;Normal #3;Lstore_w 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_2_w ;lstore;Normal #4;Lstore 257
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_3 ;lstore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_4 ;lstore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_5 ;lstore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_6 ;lstore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_3_w ;lstore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.25, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_4_w ;lstore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_5_w ;lstore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore.jm.T_lstore_6_w ;lstore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_1 ;lstore_0;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_2 ;lstore_0;Normal #2;Each of the lstore_<n> instructions is the same as lstore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_3 ;lstore_0;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_4 ;lstore_0;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_5 ;lstore_0;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_0.jm.T_lstore_0_6 ;lstore_0;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_1 ;lstore_1;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_2 ;lstore_1;Normal #2;Each of the lstore_<n> instructions is the same as lstore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_3 ;lstore_1;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_4 ;lstore_1;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_5 ;lstore_1;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_1.jm.T_lstore_1_6 ;lstore_1;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_1 ;lstore_2;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack.
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_2 ;lstore_2;Normal #2;Each of the lstore_<n> instructions is the same as lstore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_3 ;lstore_2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_4 ;lstore_2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_5 ;lstore_2;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_2.jm.T_lstore_2_6 ;lstore_2;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_1 ;lstore_3;Normal #1;Value of local variable at <n> is pushed onto the operand stack.
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_2 ;lstore_3;Normal #2;Each of the lstore_<n> instructions is the same as lstore with an index of <n>
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_3 ;lstore_3;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.22, index must be no greater than the value of max_locals-1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_4 ;lstore_3;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_5 ;lstore_3;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lstore_3.jm.T_lstore_3_6 ;lstore_3;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0l, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #2;Arguments = 9223372036854775807L, Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, -1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #4;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #5;Arguments = 0l, 0l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testB6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Boundary #6;Arguments = 0l, -Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Normal #1;Arguments = 1111127348242l, 11111111114l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Normal #2;Arguments = 0, 1111127348242l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_1 ;lsub;Normal #3;Arguments = 0, -11111111114l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_2 ;lsub;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_3 ;lsub;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_4 ;lsub;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_5 ;lsub;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, float
dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lsub.jm.T_lsub_6 ;lsub;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MIN_VALUE, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testB4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Boundary #4;Arguments = 1, 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #1;Arguments = 40000000000l, 3
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #2;Arguments = 40000000000l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #3;Arguments = -123456789l, 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #4;Arguments = 1, -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #5;Arguments = 123456789l, 64
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_1 ;lushr;Normal #6;Arguments = 123456789l, 63
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_2 ;lushr;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_3 ;lushr;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_4 ;lushr;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_5 ;lushr;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lushr.jm.T_lushr_6 ;lushr;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Boundary #1;Arguments = 0 & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Boundary #2;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE & Long.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testB3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Boundary #3;Arguments = Long.MAX_VALUE & Long.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Normal #1;Arguments = 23423432423777l, 23423432423778l
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Normal #2;Arguments = 0xfffffff5, 0xfffffff1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_1 ;lxor;Normal #3;Arguments = 0xABCDEFAB & -1
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_2 ;lxor;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_3 ;lxor;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_4 ;lxor;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_5 ;lxor;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - float & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.lxor.jm.T_lxor_6 ;lxor;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - reference & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.jm.T_monitorenter_4 ;monitorenter;Exception #1;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.TestRunnable dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.jm.T_monitorenter_1 ;monitorenter;Normal #1;Normal test  @throws InterruptedException
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.TestRunnable2 dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.jm.T_monitorenter_2 ;monitorenter;Normal #2;Tests behavior when monitor owned by current thread.  @throws InterruptedException
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.jm.T_monitorenter_6 ;monitorenter;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorenter.jm.T_monitorenter_5 ;monitorenter;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.jm.T_monitorexit_2 dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.TestRunnable ;monitorexit;Exception #1;Thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.jm.T_monitorexit_3 ;monitorexit;Exception #2;Structural lock rules violation
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.jm.T_monitorexit_4 ;monitorexit;Exception #3;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.jm.T_monitorexit_5 ;monitorexit;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.monitorexit.jm.T_monitorexit_6 ;monitorexit;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_1 ;multianewarray;Exception #1;Expected NegativeArraySizeException
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.sub.TestStubs$TestStub dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_2 ;multianewarray;Exception #2;Expected IllegalAccessError
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_7 ;multianewarray;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_1 ;multianewarray;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_1 ;multianewarray;Normal #2;If count is zero, no subsequent dimensions allocated
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_9 ;multianewarray;Normal #3;Multinewarray must only be used to create array with dimensions specified by dimensions operand
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_3 ;multianewarray;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_4 ;multianewarray;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_5 ;multianewarray;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_6 ;multianewarray;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.19, dimension size must not be zero
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_8 ;multianewarray;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.multianewarray.jm.T_multianewarray_10 ;multianewarray;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_1 ;newarray;Boundary #1;Array size = 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_2 ;newarray;Exception #1;Expected NegativeArraySizeException
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_1 ;newarray;Normal #1;Array of ints
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_2 ;newarray;Normal #2;Array of floats
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_3 ;newarray;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_4 ;newarray;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_5 ;newarray;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.20, atype must take one of the following values
dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.newarray.jm.T_newarray_6 ;newarray;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.nop.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.nop.jm.T_nop_1 ;nop;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_1 ;goto;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_1 ;goto;Normal #2;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_5 ;goto;Normal #3;Negative offset
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_2 ;goto;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target is inside instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_3 ;goto;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_goto.jm.T_opc_goto_4 ;goto;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.7, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_3 dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.TestStubs$TestStub ;instanceof;Exception #1;Expected IllegalAccessError
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_7 ;instanceof;Exception #2;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_1 ;instanceof;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_1 ;instanceof;Normal #2;Check null value
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_1 ;instanceof;Normal #3;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.SuperInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.SubClass dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.SuperInterface2 dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.SuperClass dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_2 ;instanceof;Normal #4;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_4 ;instanceof;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_5 ;instanceof;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_6 ;instanceof;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_instanceof.jm.T_opc_instanceof_8 ;instanceof;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_3 ;new;Exception #1;Expected Error (exception during class loading)
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_4 dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.TestStubs$TestStub ;new;Exception #2;Expected IllegalAccessError
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_5 ;new;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.TestInterface dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_8 ;new;Exception #4;Constraint 4.8.1.18, attempt to instantiate interface
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.TestAbstractClass dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_9 ;new;Exception #5;Constraint 4.8.1.18, attempt to instantiate abstract class
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_1 ;new;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_6 ;new;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_7 ;new;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.18, attempt to create array using new
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_2 ;new;Verifier #3;Constraint n/a, Attempt to access uninitialized class (before <init> is called)
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_new.jm.T_opc_new_10 ;new;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.16, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_3 ;return;Exception #1;Method is synchronized but thread is not monitor owner
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_4 ;return;Exception #2;Lock structural rule 1 is violated
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_1 ;return;Normal #1;Check that frames are discarded and reinstananted correctly
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_2 ;return;Normal #2;Check that monitor is released by return
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_5 ;return;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.opc_return.jm.T_opc_return_6 ;return;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, method's return type - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.jm.T_pop_1 ;pop;Normal #1;Type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.jm.T_pop_2 ;pop;Normal #2;Type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.jm.T_pop_3 ;pop;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop.jm.T_pop_4 ;pop;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.jm.T_pop2_1 ;pop2;Normal #1;Type of argument - long
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.jm.T_pop2_2 ;pop2;Normal #2;Type of argument - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.jm.T_pop2_3 ;pop2;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.pop2.jm.T_pop2_4 ;pop2;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_7 ;putfield;Exception #1;Attempt to set static field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.TPutfield dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_8 ;putfield;Exception #2;Modification of non-accessible private field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_9 ;putfield;Exception #3;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_10 ;putfield;Exception #4;Expected NoSuchFieldError
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.TPutfield ;putfield;Exception #5;Modification of final field in other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_15 ;putfield;Exception #6;Modification of superclass' private field from subclass FIXME: is this a JVM bug?
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.TPutfield dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_13 ;putfield;Exception #7;Modification of non-accessible protected field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_1 ;putfield;Normal #1;Type - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_2 ;putfield;Normal #2;Type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_12 ;putfield;Normal #3;Modification of final field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_14 ;putfield;Normal #4;Modification of protected field from subclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_18 dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.TSuper ;putfield;Normal #5;Assignment compatible object references
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testN6;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_16 ;putfield;Normal #6;Assignment compatible values
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_3 ;putfield;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_4 ;putfield;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_5 ;putfield;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - float instead of int
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_6 ;putfield;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - assignment incompatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_20 ;putfield;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - assignment incompatible values
dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.TChild dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.T_putfield_19 dxc.junit.opcodes.putfield.jm.TSuper ;putfield;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.16, type of argument - assignment incompatible object references
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_7 ;putstatic;Exception #1;Attempt to set non-static field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_8 dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.TestStubs ;putstatic;Exception #2;Modification of non-accessible field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_9 ;putstatic;Exception #3;Expected NoClassDefFoundError
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_10 ;putstatic;Exception #4;Expected NoSuchFieldError
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_11 dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.TestStubs ;putstatic;Exception #5;Modification of final field in other class
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_13 dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.StubInitError ;putstatic;Exception #6;Initialization of referenced class throws exception
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_15 ;putstatic;Exception #7;Modification of superclass' private field from subclass FIXME: is this a bug in JVM?
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_1 ;putstatic;Normal #1;Type - int
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_2 ;putstatic;Normal #2;Type - double
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_12 ;putstatic;Normal #3;Modification of final field
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_1 dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_14 ;putstatic;Normal #4;Modification of protected field from subclass
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testN5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_16 ;putstatic;Normal #5;Assignment compatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_3 ;putstatic;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool index
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_4 ;putstatic;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_5 ;putstatic;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - float instead of int
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_6 ;putstatic;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - assignment incompatible references
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_18 ;putstatic;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.17, type of argument - assignment incompatible values
dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.putstatic.jm.T_putstatic_17 ;putstatic;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.12, constant pool type
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_1 ;ret;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_1_w ;ret;Normal #2;
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_2 ;ret;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index operand
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_3 ;ret;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, variable referenced by index shall contain returnAddress
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_2_w ;ret;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.21, index operand
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_3_w ;ret;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, variable referenced by index shall contain returnAddress
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_4 ;ret;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.24, each returnAddress can be returned only once
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_4_w ;ret;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.24, each returnAddress can be returned only once
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_5 ;ret;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.22, single ret instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.ret.jm.T_ret_5_w ;ret;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.22, single ret instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_1 ;saload;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_1 ;saload;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_1 ;saload;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_1 ;saload;Normal #1;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_1 ;saload;Normal #2;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_2 ;saload;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_3 ;saload;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_4 ;saload;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_5 ;saload;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_6 ;saload;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - Object, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_7 ;saload;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_8 ;saload;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - int[], int
dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.saload.jm.T_saload_9 ;saload;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_1 ;sastore;Exception #1;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_1 ;sastore;Exception #2;Expected NullPointerException
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_1 ;sastore;Exception #3;Expected ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_1 ;sastore;Normal #1;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_1 ;sastore;Normal #2;Normal test. trying different indexes
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_2 ;sastore;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_3 ;sastore;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_4 ;sastore;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, double, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_5 ;sastore;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, int, long
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_6 ;sastore;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - object, int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_7 ;sastore;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double[], int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_8 ;sastore;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long[], int, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.sastore.jm.T_sastore_9 ;sastore;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - array, reference, int
dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.jm.T_sipush_2 ;sipush;Boundary #1;Sipush 0
dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.jm.T_sipush_3 ;sipush;Boundary #2;Sipush - 1
dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.jm.T_sipush_1 ;sipush;Normal #1;Sipush -13570
dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.sipush.jm.T_sipush_4 ;sipush;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.5, stack size
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_1 ;swap;Normal #1;Integers
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testN2;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_6 ;swap;Normal #2;Floats
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testN3;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_7 ;swap;Normal #3;References
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testN4;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_8 ;swap;Normal #4;Reference & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_2 ;swap;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_3 ;swap;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - double & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_4 ;swap;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & int
dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.swap.jm.T_swap_5 ;swap;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.2.1, types of arguments - long & long
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testB1;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_1 ;tableswitch;Boundary #1;Check Integer.MAX_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testB2;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_1 ;tableswitch;Boundary #2;Check Integer.MIN_VALUE
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_1 ;tableswitch;Normal #1;Normal test
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_2 ;tableswitch;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.1, number of arguments
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_3 ;tableswitch;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - float
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_4 ;tableswitch;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.8, branch target shall be inside the method
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_5 ;tableswitch;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.8, branch target shall not be "inside" wide instruction
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE5;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_6 ;tableswitch;Verifier #5;Constraint 4.8.1.8, low value shall be less than high value
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE6;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_7 ;tableswitch;Verifier #6;Constraint 4.8.1.8, non-zero padding
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE7;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_8 ;tableswitch;Verifier #7;Constraint 4.8.2.1, type of argument - reference
dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.Main_testVFE8;dxc.junit.opcodes.tableswitch.jm.T_tableswitch_9 ;tableswitch;Verifier #8;Constraint 4.8.1.8, number of entries in jump table
dxc.junit.opcodes.wide.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.opcodes.wide.jm.T_wide_1 ;wide;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.5 (?), Wide instruction shall be applied only on defined instructions
dxc.junit.opcodes.wide.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.opcodes.wide.jm.T_wide_2 ;wide;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.5, bytecode modified with wide instruction must not be          reachable directly
dxc.junit.verify.t481_1.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t481_1.jm.T_t481_1_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.1, code_length must not be zero
dxc.junit.verify.t481_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t481_2.jm.T_t481_2_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.2, code_length must be less than 65536
dxc.junit.verify.t481_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t481_3.jm.T_t481_3_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.3, First opcode instruction shall be at offset 0. The idea of the test is to put invalid opcode at offset 0.
dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.jm.T_t481_4_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.4, opcode 254 (0xfe) may not appear in code array
dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.jm.T_t481_4_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.1.4, opcode 255 (0xff) may not appear in code array
dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.jm.T_t481_4_3 ;verifier;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.1.4, opcode 202 (0xca) may not appear in code array
dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.Main_testVFE4;dxc.junit.verify.t481_4.jm.T_t481_4_4 ;verifier;Verifier #4;Constraint 4.8.1.4, undocumented opcode 240 (F0) may not appear in code array
dxc.junit.verify.t481_6.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t481_6.jm.T_t481_6_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.1.6, Last opcode instruction shall be at offset code_length -1. The idea of the test is to put invalid opcode at offset code_length -1.
dxc.junit.verify.t482_10.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_10.jm.T_t482_10_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.10, Uninitialized local variable
dxc.junit.verify.t482_10.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_10.jm.T_t482_10_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.10, Uninitialized local variable
dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.Main_testN1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.T_t482_11_2 dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.TSuper ;verifier;Normal #1;Constraint 4.8.2.11, instance fields declared in the class may be accessed before calling <init>
dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.T_t482_11_1 dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.TSuper ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.11, super.<init> or another <init> must be called
dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.TSuper dxc.junit.verify.t482_11.jm.T_t482_11_3 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.11, only instance fields declared in the class may be accessed before calling <init>
dxc.junit.verify.t482_14.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_14.jm.T_t482_14_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.14, <init> may not return a value
dxc.junit.verify.t482_14.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_14.jm.T_t482_14_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.14, <clinit> may not return a value
dxc.junit.verify.t482_2.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_2.jm.T_t482_2_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.2, operand stack depth
dxc.junit.verify.t482_20.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_20.jm.T_t482_20_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.20, no return instruction in the method
dxc.junit.verify.t482_3.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_3.jm.T_t482_3_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.3, attempt to split long
dxc.junit.verify.t482_3.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_3.jm.T_t482_3_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.3, attempt to split double
dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.jm.T_t482_4_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.4, attempt to access uninitialized int
dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.jm.T_t482_4_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.4, attempt to access uninitialized double
dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.Main_testVFE3;dxc.junit.verify.t482_4.jm.T_t482_4_3 ;verifier;Verifier #3;Constraint 4.8.2.4, attempt to access uninitialized reference
dxc.junit.verify.t482_8.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_8.jm.T_t482_8_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.8, uninitialized class instance must be on the stack
dxc.junit.verify.t482_8.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_8.jm.T_t482_8_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.8, attempt to initialize initialized class
dxc.junit.verify.t482_9.Main_testVFE1;dxc.junit.verify.t482_9.jm.T_t482_9_1 ;verifier;Verifier #1;Constraint 4.8.2.9, attempt to access field of uninitialized class instance
dxc.junit.verify.t482_9.Main_testVFE2;dxc.junit.verify.t482_9.jm.T_t482_9_2 ;verifier;Verifier #2;Constraint 4.8.2.9, attempt to use method of uninitialized class instance
